Documentation fixes for ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_TRUSTSTORE_FILE and ZOO_TLS_QU… (#48)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-zookeeper: README.md

 - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_ENABLE`: Enable tls for quorum communication. Default: **false**
 - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_KEYSTORE_FILE`: KeyStore file file: Default: No Defaults
 - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD`: KeyStore file password. This can be an evironment variable. It will be evaled by bash. No Defaults

>  - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_TRUSTSTORE_FILE`: TrustStore file file: Default: No Defaults
>  - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD`: TrustStore file password. This can be an evironment variable. It will be evaled by bash. No Defaults

Reviewer: Taking advantage of this PR, does it make sense to fix the other typos?

```suggestion
 - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_TRUSTSTORE_FILE`: TrustStore file: Default: No Defaults
 - `ZOO_TLS_QUORUM_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD`: TrustStore file password. This can be an environment variable. It will be evaluated by bash. No Defaults
```

Can you also apply the changes in the `KEYSTORE` variables? (lines `212-213`).

Author: Hi @andresbono 
definitely makes sense, did not check for other issues. WIll apply the changes and also check for other typos quickly, then push a new commit. Should not take longer than 5 minutes.
